the tenth edition of the national Berlin Südliche Weinstraße
took place again this year
in co-production between HC Wernau Norbert Seibert
that's great does not work
it is a matter of course
because the ac Landau I never listened to the investor can the ADAC
but not only between the two clubs the Telgter sunshine
and then I would like the event April is coming up next
Title Markus Pieper for the 75 teams
a mere 30 BP kilometers were waiting for victory
which has been distributed over six special stages
start and end point
warm car dealership set
the hike that still today
67 teams
should end up counting for Zorc Oberlangen's behavior in the apple shop
Event to see the finish in scoring
From the start, three teams were fighting for the overall victory
who later on will make the places one to three below
Skip Mirjam Ott Pfaffenhofen Pat Plasma
at the same time set times 4
and then got into trouble with engine problems
this was enough for the Mas Mas portal
come to have two capital total damages Simon worlds a year
They drove with their newly rebuilt VW Golf
we want it ourselves
good and evil
sheer test times in a row Courage for risk became overall victory in this election
Antraten rewarded
England luck
allowed
on
but also the text of the teenager the pilot
Patrick Weber with his girlfriend Claudia Schmidt in the hot seat
pull under his advantage from the audience in the Quattro q
Although Weber Schmidt could not do any band pages
intercept with Mitsubishi Galant rented by res 1
even in the second part of the evening again reasonably keep up
and with a lead
of two seconds the Quattro troupe in third place in the overall standings
Has
with this placement
they also took the victory in group f
over 2000 cc
wrote pictorially the overwhelming force Euro had applied to the opponent
the 1600s class and a rich Russians every Sunday 8 laughs
they took the ungrateful fourth place in the final classification
as well as the title it has to leave »
the next placed in this class
followed only on rank 23
Opel new cards can or
the new trend of the future the lesson
Lupa Reiseland the perspective group
January
in fifth place overall
equal to two teams with 20 minutes and three seconds at the same time
how many
give up from Philippsburg
and Becker has sued and a barracks from Monheim be lifted
ninth overall winners of group g and class b 1
Andreasberg Scooter allow to Reinhard often was 2 23 clarified
in the group l
Harald Bord Opel Kadett successful
Christopher Nöthe and Jasmin Hensel from Gießen
also VW Golf
Button gives the victory in the class with a second where you have Rastätter
The notes
the retirement of Marc Brenzel
Blessing made in the current slowly he should now better keep it
100 cubic centimeters this year
when twenty-fifth overall
and Herbert and Harald Vogel for van Eldik class g3
also Pauli 2 0